The Last Lecture we add functionality to add a marker.
Let's now add a functionality to close to modal so that we can get the state back to the place page
for days.
I'll add a new row below our map Axert and row here with a column and I will actually add 2 columns
there in the first column or add a button which will receive the button directive as always which will
be a block column button I should say where I will add a color off secondary to make it green.
And here I simply want to say confirm.
So this should submit the data close to modal and submit the data.
I will also add a click listener for this and hearable say on confirms or in this method we somehow
need to close the mole and pass the data.
And I want to disable the button if the marker is not set.
So if we don't have a marker remember marker is undefined at the beginning and if we don't have a marker
then indeed I don't want to make this modal.
Well confirmable so that you can try to submit some data which is invalid.
I'll add another column next to it where the number button inside of it.
And this will also be a button of course.
This button will also be a block button.
The color will be dangerous so it should be red.
And here I simply want to abort.
So we'll say a board to close to Moeder without saving the selection.
And I'll add a click listener here to where I execute the on a board method.
So now I got two new methods in place or two new buttons triggering methods on confirm an on board.
Let's not add those two methods on confirm and on a board add them in the page and the component in
the typescript file here on a board to super simple.
Here I just want to close to modal and this is a little challenge for you.
You'll learn how to close such a modal.
You also learn how to close it well while passing data.
So try both.
Try to just close it on a board and close it and pass that on confirm in a few seconds.
We'll do this to Gebre.
So where are you successful.
Let's now do it together.
I need to inject The View Controller to do this.
Did you remember to step the control of that stored in the property named View Controller and injected
the type view controller here.
Was at the comma here.
Make sure to import view control or form ionic angler and then an on a board I can simply access my
controller referring to dispute to the motel and call the Smiths to dismiss this view and an on confirm
I want to do the same also dismiss it but I will also pass some data here and the data I pass is the
location.
But this will actually be my marker location not the location we had here because this location comes
from the AT place location and an old only determines where the map is centered on at the beginning.
I'm interested in the location to use or chose though and that is stored in the marker not in the location
which again is only needed for the centering of the map.
So if that I'm passing the chosen location back to the page the next step of course is to extract it.
On this page and then Semois also show a little preview of the place that shows on the place page.
Now we will basically reuse the tools.
We saw a couple of Electress ago and regarding the fetch data from modal piece a couple of sections
that go in the course so few free trying this on your own.
Fetching the data from the motile and then showing such a map excerpt in the next lecture we will do
the two Gebre